README.md, before:

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Gabarito&weight=500&size=60&duration=2500&pause=5000&color=DD6625&multiline=true&width=1024&height=100&lines=Introduction+to+Vincent+Restaurant)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

Vincent Restaurant is a dynamic full-stack website developed as part of the ‘Server – Side Programming’ module university assignment. Designed with a user-friendly interface and quick navigation between pages, it combines online food ordering and table reservation functionalities for customers looking for a seamless and efficient food ordering experience from their restaurant of choice. Built with PHP and Node.js for backend logic, MySQL for database management, and Bootstrap for a responsive frontend, it enables features like order tracking, user and admin authentication, and menu management. Hosted on XAMPP, the project demonstrates practical integration of modern web technologies to deliver a smooth, interactive experience for administrators and users.

Commit message:

13th Commit - Update to README.md
Added references to the beautiful Readme Typing SVG  title by Jonah Lawrence - github.com/DenverCoder1

README.md, after:

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Gabarito&weight=500&size=60&duration=2500&pause=5000&color=DD6625&multiline=true&width=1024&height=100&lines=Introduction+to+Vincent+Restaurant)](https://github.com/razmanf/vincent-restaurant-website.git) - (DenverCoder1, 2024)

Vincent Restaurant is a dynamic full-stack website developed as part of the ‘Server – Side Programming’ module university assignment. Designed with a user-friendly interface and quick navigation between pages, it combines online food ordering and table reservation functionalities for customers looking for a seamless and efficient food ordering experience from their restaurant of choice. Built with PHP and Node.js for backend logic, MySQL for database management, and Bootstrap for a responsive frontend, it enables features like order tracking, user and admin authentication, and menu management. Hosted on XAMPP, the project demonstrates practical integration of modern web technologies to deliver a smooth, interactive experience for administrators and users.

References:

DenverCoder1 (2024). GitHub - DenverCoder1/readme-typing-svg: ⚡ Dynamically generated, customizable SVG that gives the appearance of typing and deleting text for use on your profile page, repositories, or website. [online] GitHub. Available at: https://github.com/DenverCoder1/readme-typing-svg [Accessed 14 Feb. 2025].
